Traffic shifting nit fixes (#5498)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-k8s-ref/traffic-shifting-step.md

Before you begin, make sure you have an understanding on what SMI is and how it works by [visiting their website](https://smi-spec.io/). 

:::note

> We currently only support specs.smi-spec.io/v1alpha3 and specs.smi-spec.io/v1alpha4 versions of the TrafficSplit resource since these are the only versions that support having rules (such as uri, method, and headers as described later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we only support `specs.smi-spec.io/v1alpha3` and `specs.smi-spec.io/v1alpha4` TrafficSplit resource versions since these are the only versions that support having rules (such as uri, method, and headers described below).
```
